# Complete Guide to the Stop & Shop Gas Rewards Program: How to Maximize Your Savings on Fuel and Benefits Explained

The Stop & Shop Gas Rewards Program is a loyalty program designed to
reward customers with fuel savings for their grocery purchases. By
linking their Stop & Shop card to the program, shoppers earn points for
every dollar spent, which can later be redeemed for discounts at
participating gas stations. This program is popular for its simplicity
and practical value, making it easy for regular Stop & Shop customers to
save on fuel.

### **Key Takeaways:**

-   Earn 1 point for every $1 spent at Stop & Shop stores.

-   Redeem 100 points for $0.10 off per gallon of gas at participating
    stations.

-   Points are redeemable at Shell and select Stop & Shop fuel stations.

-   Points expire after 30 days, encouraging regular use.

-   Fuel savings can be combined for up to $1.50 off per gallon.

### **What is the Stop & Shop Gas Rewards Program?**

The Stop & Shop Gas Rewards Program is a fuel-saving loyalty initiative
that offers customers a chance to save money on gas. For every dollar
spent at Stop & Shop supermarkets, customers earn points. Once you
accumulate 100 points, they can be redeemed for \$0.10 off per gallon at
participating Shell and Stop & Shop gas stations. Customers can rack up
points over time, potentially reaching up to \$1.50 off per gallon of
fuel. However, the points are only valid for 30 days after they are
earned, so regular shopping and point usage are encouraged.

### **Stop & Shop Gas Rewards Program Features:**

-   **Earning Points:** 1 point for every $1 spent.

-   **Redemption Rate:** 100 points = $0.10 off per gallon.

-   **Maximum Discount:** Save up to $1.50 per gallon (with 1,500
    points).

-   **Expiration:** Points expire 30 days after they are earned.

-   **Gas Stations:** Redeemable at participating Shell stations and
    Stop & Shop fuel stations.

-   **Minimum Gas Purchase:** Some stations may require a minimum of 10
    gallons.

### **How to Sign Up for the Stop & Shop Gas Rewards Program?**

To sign up for the Stop & Shop Gas Rewards Program, you need to:

1.  Obtain a Stop & Shop loyalty card, either online or in-store.

2.  Register your card by creating an account on the Stop & Shop website
    or mobile app.

3.  Link your loyalty card to the Gas Rewards Program.

4.  Once registered, you will automatically start earning points on
    eligible purchases every time you use your loyalty card at checkout.

### **How to Earn Stop & Shop Gas Points?**

Earning Stop & Shop Gas Rewards Points is simple:

-   **Shop at Stop & Shop:** Every dollar spent earns you 1 point.

-   **Eligible Purchases:** Points are earned on most groceries, but
    some items like alcohol, gift cards, and lottery tickets may not
    qualify.

-   **Bonus Points:** Occasionally, Stop & Shop offers promotions where
    certain products or shopping amounts can earn extra points.

-   **Online Shopping:** You can earn points through online orders for
    pickup or delivery as long as you use your loyalty card.

-   **Pharmacy Purchases:** Some pharmacy purchases may also qualify for
    earning points.

### **Tips for Maximizing Earnings with the Stop & Shop Gas Rewards Program:**

1.  **Look for Bonus Point Promotions:** Stop & Shop frequently offers
    special promotions where select items earn extra points, such as
    "Buy 2, Get 100 Extra Points" or "Earn 3x Points on Certain
    Products." Keep an eye on the weekly store circular or the Stop &
    Shop app for these offers. Planning your shopping list around these
    items can help you accumulate points faster and significantly
    increase your fuel savings.

2.  **Shop During Point Multiplier Events:** Occasionally, Stop & Shop
    runs storewide promotions where you can earn double or triple points
    on all purchases, not just on specific items. For example, you may
    encounter events like "Earn 2x Points on Purchases Over $100." If
    possible, consolidate your grocery shopping during these events to
    maximize the points you earn in a single trip. This can make a big
    difference in how quickly you reach meaningful gas savings.

3.  **Combine Rewards and Coupons:** Use your Stop & Shop loyalty card
    along with coupons or other discounts to double down on savings. You
    can still earn Gas Rewards Points even when using store or
    manufacturer coupons, allowing you to lower your grocery bill and
    still earn points. This is especially useful if you\'re buying items
    featured in bonus point promotions while using coupons, further
    stretching your budget.

4.  **Earn Points on Eligible Pharmacy Purchases:** Some Stop & Shop
    locations allow you to earn Gas Rewards Points on qualifying
    pharmacy purchases, such as prescription refills. Check with your
    local store to see if your prescriptions qualify. By transferring
    your pharmacy needs to Stop & Shop, you can earn additional points
    without having to change your routine, giving you an extra way to
    save on gas.

5.  **Plan Large or Group Purchases:** If you're making a larger
    grocery purchase or shopping for a big event, plan to do it at Stop
    & Shop during weeks when you're close to needing a gas fill-up. You
    can earn a large number of points in a single trip, especially if
    bonus promotions or multiplier events are active. Similarly, if
    friends or family members are also shopping, consider combining your
    purchases under one loyalty account to accumulate points faster.
    Just remember that points expire in 30 days, so time your gas
    purchases accordingly.

### **Pros of the Stop & Shop Gas Rewards Program:**

-   **Simple to Use:** Earn points effortlessly as you shop for
    groceries.

-   **Significant Fuel Savings:** Potential to save up to \$1.50 off per
    gallon.

-   **Bonus Point Opportunities:** Frequent promotions allow for faster
    point accumulation.

-   **Widely Accepted:** Redeem points at Shell stations and Stop & Shop
    fuel centers, making it convenient.

-   **No Extra Costs:** Free to sign up and participate.

### **Cons of the Stop & Shop Gas Rewards Program:**

-   **Points Expire Quickly:** Points expire 30 days after earning them,
    limiting long-term accumulation.

-   **Limited to Certain Purchases:** Some items like alcohol or gift
    cards don't earn points.

-   **Fuel Redemption Limits:** Gas savings can only be applied to up to
    20 gallons per transaction.

-   **Geographic Limitations:** Participating gas stations may not be
    available in all areas.

-   **Minimum Fuel Requirements:** Some stations require a minimum gas
    purchase to redeem points.

### **FAQ**

**1. Can I earn points on non-grocery purchases?**

You can earn points on most grocery items, but certain categories like
gift cards, alcohol, and lottery tickets are excluded.

**2. Do Gas Rewards Points expire?**

Yes, points expire 30 days after they are earned, so you should use
them regularly to avoid losing them.

**3. How much gas can I purchase with my points?**

You can redeem your Gas Rewards Points on up to 20 gallons of gas in a
single transaction.

**4. Can I combine multiple Gas Rewards Points for greater savings?**

Yes, you can combine points from multiple trips, saving up to $1.50
off per gallon at participating stations.

**5. Where can I use my Gas Rewards Points?**

Gas Rewards Points can be redeemed at participating Shell stations and
Stop & Shop fuel centers.

### **Final Remarks**

The Stop & Shop Gas Rewards Program offers substantial savings on fuel,
making it highly appealing for regular Stop & Shop shoppers. The ability
to earn points on everyday grocery purchases and redeem them for up to
$1.50 off per gallon provides a clear incentive to join. Additionally,
bonus point opportunities and the ease of use across participating Shell
and Stop & Shop stations add to its value.

However, the 30-day expiration period for points and restrictions on
certain purchases, such as alcohol or gift cards, may limit its
flexibility for some users. Geographic limitations and fuel redemption
limits (up to 20 gallons) could also affect the program's convenience,
depending on your location and fuel needs.

Overall, if you shop frequently at Stop & Shop and can stay on top of
point expiration, the Gas Rewards Program is a worthwhile way to reduce
fuel costs, especially when combined with bonus offers.
